hey guys what is up it is david AKA
mcruiz here so a few months or so back
there was a lot of controversy about
League youtubers and what the first and
there was a lot of hate being spread to
the youtubers for accepting bribes and
advertising this program that a lot of
people claim doesn't really do anything
for them and well what the fast got a
lot of haters well due to them not
responding too well to criticism and for
obviously bribing youtubers to put in
good reviews for them now putting all of
this aside is what the first the actual
software bad does it do what it's
supposed to do to reduce your lag in
online games I agree in the sense it
doesn't really make much sense to me how
a program can just magically make you
lag less although I have been looking
for a VPN type of software for reasons
which I will explain later
so anyways before we begin I will
mention that I am not sponsored by what
the first okay if you guys think that I
took a bribe to do this video or
whatever then that's your problem but I
will tell you now that this is not a
sponsored video this is 100% out of my
own interest and out of my own time I
don't think they even do sponsors
anymore because of the backlash they got
from the whole League youtuber thing so
anyways let's go into the actual point
of the video it is what the first
actually work so right now I am on the
oceanic server the Australian server
this is the server that's closest to me
and where I pretty much get the lowest
ping so first of all let's just start
off I've got it in I basically got my
desktop in full-screen mode so you
should guys should be able to see
anything I don't have what the fast
running anywhere down here so I'm just
going to go into a custom game quickly
to check the ping and I will fast
forward this so you guys don't have to
you know watch for the whole thing here
we got here yeah let's grab broken can
be reforged I'm not even gonna play a
proper game whatever to set everything
up so let's go in game and see if you
know what my pings like first
all righty so we're in game right now
and as you can see on the top right here
I've got about 61 ping to the oceanic
server which is pretty typical 60 year
62 162 pink this is a pretty typical
ping for me and I mean everything feels
great it's all responsive so yeah
there's no issues here so let's go and
exit the game and see if what the fast
will actually lower the ping by any bit
alrighty so I'm on my desktop right now
what the hell is this
I'm gonna get rid of that what the first
so let's open this up so I'm a free user
by the way free basic user and that's
another thing that about what the fast
is that you don't have to pay for it
although you do have to watch these
advertisements which I don't like so I'm
just going to skip through this and get
onto the server selection or whatever
all righty so we're in let's go ahead
and type in the game League of Legends
yet League of Legends and network
manually check that and we're going to
check
yeah Australia get it to choose the best
for me all right that's all good then so
we'll go ahead and play connect to the
gbn gamers private network and I think
that's is it I don't even know how this
works if that's essentially the same
thing as a VPN virtual private network I
know I don't really do much it is VPN
stuff because I've never really had to
so anyways I'll go ahead and skip all
this crap alrighty what was that error
message jeepers it couldn't detect my
game whatever okay let's just go into
the game go into another custom game and
see if this has actually made any kind
of ping difference what is broken can be
reforged possible connection issue no
I'm in the game I don't really saw the
issues maybe it's cuz the games
installed on a different hard drive if
I'm not sure but whatever let's just go
in and see what happens yeah okay so
since so I'm I think I'm connected to it
at least whatever but yeah so I am
connected to it and looks as though
there hasn't been any ping difference at
all to be honest still at 64 60 which is
you know
ceefor pretty applicable to pool average
anyway yeah everything still feels the
same so I've wandered they it looks a
study does that it hasn't really helped
me here so yep so for a server that's
already in the same country as you what
the fast isn't really going to do
anything but this is something that I
want to show you guys for another server
that is not in my country so we're going
to go ahead and leave game and that's
okay so yeah I was connected it was
working sorry yeah I was connected to
what the fast and it didn't really do
anything for me there so we're going to
go ahead and log out of this and we're
going to close this and we're going to
start up good old Karina so let's see
here right now I am on the Singapore
region so the Singapore server we're
going to go ahead and start that up
alrighty so yeah right now I'm all
logged out of what the fast so oh I hope
they're not have any connectivity that
okay so they're having some connectivity
issues hope that hopefully that way I
have a bunch of an impact on anything
but anyways let's go ahead and get into
a custom game to check the pin alrighty
so we're on them we're in game in these
Singapore server and as you can see to
the top right I've just got just under
100 ping which is pretty typical for me
for the Singapore server
I mean what conflict it's still you know
everything still feels pretty good
there's not too much delay as in the air
are dripping so yeah everything feels
all right I mean not too much shooter
anyways we'll go ahead and exit and
we'll turn on what the fast and see if
there's any difference there so let's
see here log in there go got to go
through all this video ad bullcrap that
I mean it is a free version so you kind
of wait for this finally so anyways
let's go into this and we'll type in
greener for League of Legends greener so
it detects the game let's see here
Network we're going to set it to manual
and we're going to put it to Singapore
and choose so yeah set it all to
Singapore so we'll go ahead and click
play and get it all connect it up to the
gpn engine
alright ease so it looks like we're all
connected up so we'll go into another
custom game now and see what the thing
is like and see if anything's made a
difference look in Kenny boy alrighty so
we're in game now and looking at the top
right here so this is pretty interesting
we're still on the Singapore server and
looks Astoria that's what the fuss by
connecting to the bar but the first
server has reduced my ping to here 68 so
it's effectively reduced my ping by
about 30 now does this actually does
this mean there's an actual difference
well it being only 30p to be honest I
don't I can't really feel much of a
difference it still feels pretty good
it's spiking a bit there I think that's
because the reason why it's spiking is
because as we were showing before there
were some connectivity issues on the
Singapore server that green is having
but you're still it's effectively drops
my ping down to 67 which is no that's
that's a fairly pink difference it's not
much well there's a light but you know
it's it's still under 100 ping it's it's
still pretty low thanks just going at
this now I can't really feel much of a
difference to be honest but yeah that
was pretty interesting though it did
drop my ping by about 30 but because it
it wasn't much and because I already
didn't have such a high ping to the
garena server it hasn't really I can't
really feel the difference
so anyways we'll go ahead and leave the
game now this is something that I
originally was looking for in a VPN of
style software so we're going to go
ahead and exit the Singapore server and
I know that there are a lot of other
VPNs can do this as well but what the
fast is the only one that has been able
to do this for free so we're still going
to stay connected to the Singapore
server actually no actually no we're
going to log out of this yep so let's
log out of what the fast I'll show you
guys what's going to happen so let's
login alrighty so yeah this is all ice
I've set this old region to the taiwan
server now the taiwan server is
relatively close to Australia I mean
it's in Southeast Asia Australia is you
know close to Southeast Asia so it
should be able to connect to it with
pretty decent ping now let's see if we
can go ahead and even starts the
Taiwanese server I do have an account
here so I used to be able to plan it but
recently well so a while back a couple
of years ago they changed it so dad's
they region blocked people outside of
Taiwan like your IP blocks will go ahead
and start stop mumbling about and just
actually start the thing so to show you
guys let's see here so we're going to
log on and if you guys are wondering why
it's all in English it's because I
obviously changed the language settings
in the files in the file settings so
anywhere log E on waiting waiting come
on let me login
as its taking ages it doesn't want to
see there's a connection area this
connection error is simply because of
the facts that I am region blocked
because I am from Australia Dave I know
why I did that I guess they don't want
English or people outside of the country
playing on their server so yeah I'm
pretty much blocked from playing on the
taiwan server but let's look into all
the fast and we'll login to the
singapore server and see if it makes a
difference because i'm pretty sure that
people in singapore can still play on
the taiwanese server so I've been told
say if I set this to Singapore then it
shouldn't block me alrighty so we'll go
ahead in game here Arena League of
Legends greener right Singapore sort ok
play let's go let's get into this so
once this all connects up I'm going to
try connecting to to Taiwan server
all righty sweet so we're all connected
let's go ahead and start this up
all righty let's see here yep we're all
connected
all righty sweet so we're in we are in
the Taiwan server and as you can see
here I've got an account here I have I
haven't played on this account let's see
yeah match history yeah I haven't played
since February 2014 I had a game before
but yeah look at that I've haven't been
able to play this in over a year because
it's been region blocked but there but
yeah as you can see yep this is all this
is all the Taiwanese server it's all in
English though because like I said
before I changed a region the sort of
language to English anyways let's go
into a custom game and check what the
pings like what is broken can be
reforged I love this server so much
because I've actually got dragonblade
riven on this one card cut you can't get
that skin on any of the other servers
they don't sell anymore
alrighty sweets are in and as you can
see by the top rights it looks as though
I've got about oh it's spiking up a bit
I think that's because it is what's
going on here I need to set this on -
I'm sure how wonderful
so yeah I've pretty much got about a
hundred and twenty ping it is spiking up
around a bit but I mean it is Friday
night and right away guys so they might
have something to do to do it as well
but yeah it's it's pretty much on 120
ping like that's pretty much the average
ping up in getting so I just just want
ignore that spike that's going on there
so yeah 100 foot EP there is a tiny bit
of delay but it's not but I mean this is
Taiwan you know this is a this is a
server it is close to Australia but it's
not that close so I mean the pings not
going to be perfect
so look what can I say not only has what
the fuss actually unlocks the region for
me so I can actually play on the server
I am getting pretty good ping to the
server as well and no clicking at this
now like I said before there's a little
a little bit of delay it's not going to
be perfect but no it's it's still pretty
good I can still play with this ping
especially considering that a couple of
years back before I made the Australian
server I used to play of like 250 ping
on the North American server like 300
ping on the North American server and I
could still get done I was still able to
achieve diamonds back then
so it's not like I can't do that now
with just 120 ping so anyways
to conclude the video what the first it
is not a complete you know it is not
completely false advertising I mean it
does it does work but it may not work
for anyone and so far out of all the you
know VPNs Virtual Private Networks I've
tried so far what the fast is the only
one that's been free that has allowed me
to connect to any you know any of their
servers like I tried some of ones and
they were asking me for my credit card
information
and you know if I didn't give them you
know like my information my like my I
think if I didn't pay for it then it
wouldn't let me use it so at least what
the fast it's got a free version
although those advertisements are really
annoying at least it's free and you know
that you know that's good you can't put
a price on a program being free so yeah
um I'll just go ahead and conclude the
video now if you are interested in
trying out what the faster see if it
actually works for you I will put a link
to like a referral link in the video
description like I said before it's not
actually I'm not actually you know
getting paid for this this is not a
sponsored video but if you guys do want
to check it out then just take a look
see if it works for you and you know if
it does then great or if it doesn't then
whatever you know it's not for everyone
but I will say that what the fast it
does work for me and I'm super happy
that I'm actually able to play on the
Taiwanese server because of this because
I know I did
I have spent RP on this account and it
kind of sucks for me to plan the account
then it gets Blatz and well now
complaining again anyways guys I'm gonna
stop rambling thanks for watching and
I'll see you next time